_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

first version of the website

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: 
 

profile:
  align: right
  image: my_profile_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: 
    <p>Assistant professor<br>  
    <a href='https://www.mcmp.philosophie.uni-muenchen.de/people/faculty/hornischer_levin/index.html'>MCMP</a>, <a href='https://www.philosophie.lmu.de/de/personen/kontaktseite/levin-hornischer-a7c95d99.html'>LMU Munich</a><br>  
    Ludwigstr. 31 (room 123)<br>
    80539 Munich<br> 
    Germany</p>

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Welcome to my website! I'm an assistant professor at the <a href='https://www.mcmp.philosophie.uni-muenchen.de/index.html'>Munich Center for Mathematical Philosophy (MCMP)</a> at <a href='https://www.lmu.de/en/'>LMU Munich</a>.

My [research](/publications/) and [teaching](/teaching/) is mostly on the mathematical and philosophical foundations of artificial intelligence.

I'm also interested in related disciplines such as theoretical computer science, dynamical systems theory, mathematical logic, philosophical logic, philosophy of language, and epistemology.

Before coming to Munich, I was a postdoc at the [Institute for Logic, Language and Computation (ILLC)](https://www.illc.uva.nl/) at the [University of Amsterdam](https://www.uva.nl/en/home). There, I also obtained my PhD with a dissertation on [Dynamical Systems via Domains](https://eprints.illc.uva.nl/id/eprint/2196/1/DS-2021-10.text.pdf), supervised by [Michiel van Lambalgen](https://www.uva.nl/en/profile/l/a/m.vanlambalgen/m.vanlambalgen.html) (Amsterdam) and [Franz Berto](https://research-portal.st-andrews.ac.uk/en/persons/franz-berto) (St Andrews). The project was funded by my NWO grant on [Foundations of Analogical Thinking](https://www.nwo.nl/en/projects/322-20-017).
